---
layout: layouts/text.vto
title: Cookie Policy
url: /cookies/
---

This Cookies Policy is an integral part of the General Conditions and the
Privacy Policy of [getbadger.io](https://getbadger.io) (hereinafter, the
“Website“). Access and navigation on the Website, or the use of the services
thereof, imply acceptance of the terms and conditions contained in the General
Conditions and the Privacy Policy.

In order to make user’s browsing through the Website easier, MARKETGOO INTERNET,
S.L. (hereinafter, “marketgoo“), with Tax Identification number B-83903583 and
registered office at Camino de Malatones, 63 – 28110 Algete, Madrid, hereby
informs the user that it uses cookies and / or other similar technologies
(hereinafter, the “Cookies“).

In any case, marketgoo is controlling the Cookies and the processing of the data
obtained through the Cookies themselves, regardless of whether said Cookies are
own or third parties’, deciding on the purpose, content and use of the
processing of the information collected.

## What is a Cookie?

Cookies are files that contain small amounts of information that are downloaded
to a user’s device when he / she visits a website. Their main purpose is to
identify the user each time he / she accesses the Website, also allowing us to
improve the quality of our services and to offer a better user experience.

Cookies are essential for the functioning of the Internet. They cannot damage
the user’s equipment/device and, if activated through your browser settings, can
help to identify and solve possible errors of operation of the Website.

## Types of Cookies used on the Website

In accordance with the Cookies notice that appears at the bottom of the Website,
users of or visitors to the site accepting said notice expressly consent to the
use of Cookies as described below, except insofar as the configuration of their
browser has been modified in order to reject the use of Cookies.

Specifically, **marketgoo** is using Cookies for the purposes set out below. If
in the future **marketgoo** changes the use of Cookies, for the purpose of
granting more and better services, the user will be informed about it.

### Third-Party Cookies:

- **`ph_phc_f1vHo6kov5hIA9juZAhtCD2ACZj2be6sXoMz5GKfhia_posthog`**\
  This cookie is part of Posthog and allow us to measure information about how
  visitors use our site. This includes identifying each unique user to our site
  and details of each page visited. The cookie is persistent (1 year).

  For further information, please read
  [Posthog’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data](https://posthog.com/privacy).

---

Last updated: May 2022
